>> The pre-eminent researcher
in ufology, Linda Moulton Howe,
tells us that after
28 years of research,
that we can no longer afford
to ignore the fact that aliens
have been visiting and working
with Earth and its species
for millennia.
She believes the cover-up is
inspired by the power elites'
greed to foist outdated and
environmentally damaging
fossil fuel-based
technologies upon us, when
alien technologies may hold
the key to our future recovery
of planet Earth.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Would it be fair to say that
you're one of the few people
out there that can really
take on the "X-Files,"
and know what this means, and
be able to help decipher this
information?
>> It was, in fact, the calls
from Chris Carter in that
office in the real
"X-Files" TV series,
coming to me for material on all
of the various subjects that I
was investigating, including
animal mutilations,
human abductions, crop
circles, and so forth,
that as their series
went on television--
and I had reached
a point by 1999,
where I was so tired of the
blocks, and the nos, and no,
we will not do that
subject in a book,
subject on television--
that it was what
inspired me to want
to do a news website
that would be
science and environment based.
That's where I've always done
my investigative journalism.
But I could add real X
files-- my tip to Chris Carter
and the real "X-Files--" and
do it in the context of hard
forensic evidence, and going
after the hard physical data,
and putting it in the context
of science and environment,
to help audiences realize we are
dealing with real phenomenon.
This is not paranormal.
This is not something that is in
a superstition or a mythology.
We have actual
non-human intelligences
interacting with this
planet, from people
that I've talked to
in the government
over 28 years, who have talked
to me largely off the record.
The implication is
that we're dealing
with one or more non-human
intelligences that
have been interacting with
the planet for millennia.
It did not start in 1947.
It did not start in 1847.
It's been going on
for a very long time.
And the big question
is, why in the 1940s,
did it seem to shift gears into
a kind of perpetual presence
of the discs, the
cylinders, and these craft
that were being reported,
followed by, in 1961,
at least the first documented
case of Betty and Barney Hill,
as the first publicly reported
human abduction syndrome
and throughout
that whole period,
going back, really, to the
beginning of the 20th century
were all of the worldwide
animal mutilations?
And what was common to both?
In the animal mutilations,
every country of the world
has had them.
There have been all of
these eyewitness reports
about beams of light,
mysterious lights.
Some farmers have
told me that they
have seen animals rise
in beams of light,
or be lowered in
beams of light--
eyewitness testimony.
Jump over to the human
abduction syndrome,
and you have lights, mysterious
lights, beams of light.
Some people think that they've
seen a human or two rise
in these beams of light.
It suggests the same kind
of lifting technology
is being used in the animals
and then in the humans,
but the difference is
humans are returned.
They have missing time.
They cannot remember how they
got from point A to point B,
driving in a car,
walking in their yard.
Something has
happened, but they are
returned, perhaps with
trauma, but otherwise, they're
all right.
But the animals
are returned dead
and with the same pattern
of excisions, bloodless,
and no tracks around them.
And when I started trying
to get to the bottom
of the worldwide animal
mutilation mystery, September
of '79, it was law
enforcement who were saying,
Linda, we know
it's not predator,
we know it's not disease, and
we know it's not satanic cults.
We're dealing with
creatures from outer space.
That is what law
enforcement was telling me.
But it took eight or nine weeks
of all of these discussions
with law enforcement
to get one to go
on the record with
the camera running,
and that was Lou Girodo.
He was in the district
attorney's office in Trinidad.
He had been assigned to
investigate animal mutilations.
And it was Lou Girodo who said,
all the investigators and I--
we are convinced we're
dealing with creatures not
from this planet and
then explained why.
And that is how the film
"A Strange Harvest" that
received an Emmy--
and it was like a bomb
went off when it was broadcast.
That was what pulled
the focus of all
of the off-the-record comments--
was Lou Girodo telling
the truth that we were dealing
with a technology that was not
human.
>> And it wasn't so much--
I mean, it's interesting,
because oftentimes the cattle
mutilation comes
up, and people are--
oh, my God.
These beings are barbaric.
Look.
And then I think of
"Fast Food Nation"
and what we do to so
many animals every day.
But the point is that it's done
in such a mysterious fashion,
that it's really an indication
something else is happening.
It's not so much the barbarism
involved as it is the anomaly.
>> And I can underscore what
you're saying with one example.
Several times veterinarians
have been called into a field
to do a necropsy by a sheriff.
And one of those was in
Sterling, Colorado in the '70s.
And when the veterinarian
opened up this mutilated cow,
there was no heart.
There was no blood inside of the
perfectly intact pericardium--
that clear membrane that
goes around your heart
or enforces a heart.
It's just that is what
goes around hearts.
And for the veterinarian
to find this
is the size of a full-grown
cow's heart-- it's huge.
No tissue, no clotted
blood, no fluid.
And he said there was a half
teaspoon of something that
was sort of clear and
pink, and that was it
in that entire pericardium.
And the sheriff, Tex Graves--
he said, that veterinarian
looked at me and said,
don't you ever call me out
on another one of these.
I am not going to stand
up in front of reporters
and tell them I have no idea
how anyone would do this.
>> Right.
Right.
So this is something that's
been documented for a while--
Betty and Barney Hill,
which is a fascinating case,
because it was
actually-- they went
through regression therapy.
They went through
hypnosis, essentially--
>> With an expert.
>> --with an expert to
bring this information back
as to their abduction.
And the common themes throughout
the abductions from that time
forward-- from
1961 forward are--
you tell us.
I know there are certain types
of beings, certain pictures,
and so forth that take place.
>> Over-- if you took '61 as
the beginning point of Betty
and Barney Hill in what
was not then even a--
it didn't even have a name--
was that this couple was
reporting strange events,
and they got home late.
And now, as we talk in 2007
with the 40-some years,
the name that got put
on this syndrome--
because so many hundreds,
if not thousands,
of people around the world
were reporting the same kind
of events--
was the human
abduction syndrome.
And it was called
syndrome, because there
were various categories.
There would be people asleep at
night, and then they're waked.
And they can be
waked into paralysis,
meaning they know that they're
conscious, but they can't move.
Or they awake, and they can
move, and what they're seeing
are these--
the 3 foot-- grayish
with the big black eyes.
And then there is
usually a panoply
of different descriptions
that either they're
conscious of being moved in the
air out of their house, move
through windows out of
their house or their room,
lifted out of cars.
Many people describe seeing
some part of their second body
go through car windows, and
then they're into an abduction.
One case-- the
woman said, I know
that I looked at my speedometer,
because I was worried
about speeding, and I know that
the speedometer said it was 65,
and then it blurred.
And then it went--
the needle went.
I was doing 40.
She said, how could I be
looking at my speedometer at 65
and then it's 40?
That was her only clue.
It haunted her.
Something had
happened on the road.
And that shows that
whether it is something
that is aggressive and up-front
in your face in your bedroom,
or as subtle as a needle on
a speedometer that changes
in front of your eyes, that the
common denominator is everybody
gets to some place that
they're headed, either too late
and they know that
they had missing time,
or from the bedrooms, they
know that they wake up,
and they don't
know what happened.
And then there are
people like Jim
Sparks that I think is one of
the more important abduction
cases, in which
for approximately
13 years over a
span, he was taken
on a regular basis
totally conscious.
It was as if the intent
of the non-humans
was to keep him conscious and
to go through, essentially,
a school to learn
non-human symbols.
And what is so
intriguing to me after--
28 years ago I started trying
to get to the bottom of animal
mutilations that took me
through law enforcement,
to the concept that
creatures from outer space
were doing the mutilations,
and then realizing
that the human abduction
syndrome was linked
to some sort of interaction with
non-humans, to crop formations,
to it all.
And that after 28 years,
it is like a pointillism
painting from France in
which there are 2,000 dots.
And when you stand back
from those 2,000 dots,
you have kind of a pattern.
But if you go to every
single dot, which
is every individual case,
you do not have truth.
You have experiences in
which something much bigger
is doing a very large
interaction with human beings,
leaving human beings
without answers.
And as an
investigative reporter,
looking at this
bigger picture, you
realize that whatever
it is, it does not
want us to understand
what it is doing.
And right now in 2007,
what I intuitively sense
is that perhaps the gear is
shifting again, where there
are too many frustrated people.
There are too many
angry military people.
They know we're dealing with
non-human entities that break
down into several categories.
And the fact that governments,
whether for good reasons
or bad reasons, have chosen
to have policies of denial
in the interests of
national security,
to keep this entirely away from
the taxpayers, from the media,
from everyone in the long
run is a huge mistake.
I think everybody is
beginning to realize
you can't build and
sustain a planet that
is lying about something that is
interacting with the citizenry
and keep that lie going
to perpetuate-- what?
To perpetuate the
greed/power syndrome,
so that the stock
market doesn't collapse.
>> To project energy sources
from new technologies being
introduced.
>> All of this is now at a
point where there's a sense that
there has to be a seismic event.
Something has to now
affect this whole planet
to allow the release, just
like the San Andreas Fault
that has been pushing with
so many lies for so long,
and that it has to release.
And it may be unpleasant
for some people,
but I think that we've
reached a point of what
some people call tough love.
The planet-- every human
deserves the same facts
and information that the
power/greed people have.
To have it otherwise
is for us to continue
to live on a planet that is
going to become more and more
disconnected, more
and more master-slave,
and an illusion of which
we're perpetuating mythology.
We're not dealing with the
reality of the universe.
And how are we ever going
to expand from this Earth,
whether we go to Mars
or beyond, and still
keep insisting to
this planet that this
is the only planet in this
vast universe that has--
>> With intelligent--
>> --life?
>> --life.
Yeah, that's the only
insanity, really,
is that anyone thinks
that that could still even
be a possibility.
So most people are savvy.
When they do these various
polls here and there,
it shows that certainly
the majority of people
think we are not the
only intelligent life
in the universe.
Yet, as you say, this
power/greed structure
that's holding everything
down has a firm grip on us.
How do you see that cracking?
Well, first of all,
off camera, you
told me something I
found very interesting.
Earthfiles.com-- your site--
you actually have subscribers
from Congress, right?
>> Right-- in Washington.
>> Can you talk about where
you're seeing the cracks?
>> I think it's been both
reinforcing and encouraging
that when I look at how the
subscriber base to my news
website earthfiles.com
has expanded,
that I realize that there
are subscriptions from
congressional offices.
There are subscriptions from
all kinds of professional people
from engineering to astronomy.
And that means that
they may be signing up
for the pure science and
the pure environment reports
at Earthfiles, which there
are considerable numbers.
But it means also that
there's a high likelihood
that they want to read
the real X files, which
is focused around these subjects
of human abductions, animal
mutilations, crop formations.
There's a whole panoply--
orbs, mysterious plasmas.
There is so much that is there,
and can be physically measured,
and it's not understood.
To realize that-- for
perhaps the first time
in my professional life
where working inside
of television stations, I had to
do what management would allow.
And then when I decide
independently to start a news
website, because of
the wonderful internet,
and that I can then focus on
what I think is important,
using still journalistic
rules about-- let's
have some eyewitnesses and
try to get physical evidence.
But nevertheless,
stories that fall
into the politically
unacceptable category
in many cases, and then
finding that there are so
many professional people who are
contacting me to either report
off the record their
own experiences,
their own firsthand knowledge
with the government,
with military, with science,
and in some cases agreeing
to go on the record.
This is a--
I think a sign of hope.
There is great frustration
in the military.
There is great
frustration by scientists,
by bureaucrats, all
feeling that we are now
living in a country that
has become a straitjacket,
and they hate it.
We--
>> That's good to hear--
>> --all do.
>> --that.
I mean, we know we do,
and everybody here does.
But I keep receiving the
same word increasingly,
whether it's military,
Pentagon, CIA.
There are many people that
are very-- beyond frustrated--
>> That's right.
>> --are really desperate to
start changing the system from
within, and they're
in positions of power.
>> That's right.
How do you break an
egg that has become
this strange, fascist nation
pretending to be a democracy?
How do you break
it and put it back
together again into anything
that would be recognizable
and wanted by the very
people who still live here,
who know everything is wrong?
>> Right.
So when you look at this--
as you say, it's kind of
a pointillistic painting,
and you take these dots, and
you start connecting them
into a portrait or a mosaic.
What are you starting
to see emerging
from all of this in terms
of the way forward now?
>> Whether it is going to be
a NASA government announcement
that we have found
life on Mars--
I don't care if it's bacteria.
I think they're trying
to set the stage soon,
but we're going to
find life somewhere.
And once the
government can embrace,
oh, there's life on
Mars, life in Europa,
life detected in
another planet, then
I think they feel like we can
open the box to other life
here.
So I keep waiting
for those headlines.
I think that our
government wants
the discovery of other life
to come as a cushion shot
through another place.
>> Gotcha.
Now, what about the
actual beings themselves?
What indications are you getting
from the abductee experience
and what you're seeing as maybe
that part of the portrait?
What are their agendas?
How do they play into it?
>> What makes me nervous about
the non-humans is that every
single one of them seem to
choose secrecy and deception,
just like our own government, to
continue their operations here.
Why is it that the non-humans,
who could so easily pull
the rug out from under
the policies of denial,
by our government or
any other government--
why do they not choose to
make themselves public?
We are here.
We do not want you
to have nuclear war.
We do not want you to
destroy the rainforest.
Do you not understand those
are the lungs of the planet?
Do you not understand
that if you
keep living the way
you are, you will not
have any air to breathe?
Statements like that
coming from a non-human,
whether it's all television
sets around the world or however
they wanted to do it--
I can not imagine
anyone anywhere
on this Earth panicking
if that is the true agenda
and the true goal.
>> It would seem true.
And now, when you listen
to the work of some people,
including Barbara Marciniak,
who's here and others,
that you'll hear
these-- there are
beings that are trying to
get this exact information
through in a very
select kind of way.
>> And select makes
no sense to me.
>> Yeah, instead of
public appearance, right?
>> Makes them-- when anybody
talks about an elite group,
they've lost me.
I just cannot understand.
Now, when I say lost--
meaning if we're dealing
with advanced intelligences--
one, two, or more that
are actually benevolent,
who have actually lived long
enough to realize that war
of any kind is a
no-win situation,
and that I am expecting--
it may be naive,
but I am expecting
that advanced intelligence
would be for a win-win.
A win-win for us,
a win-win for them,
a win-win for the universe.
So when anybody says
an elite group is
going to have X information,
I'm very mistrustful.
And the fact that
the non-humans seem
to choose a certain kind
of secrecy and deception
for their own side
makes me wonder,
what could their
agendas really, truly
be that they are
choosing also, secrecy,
and illusion, and manipulation?
>> Well, what about like
Barbara, like Billy Meier,
for example?
These kinds of examples that are
trying to get information out
there into the world that have
been contacted as they state.
They've been contacted,
and this information
has been flowing through
for a number of years.
What about that scenario where
it's really to go to the many?
>> If you look at the human
abduction syndrome or contact,
there's a slight difference.
Historically in the beginning,
there were people like Adamski,
leading up to Billy
Meier, who said
that these beings would
land, and talk with them,
or telepath to them.
It's sort of, I guess, in
the Walter Mitty fantasy
that humans have.
Wouldn't we all like to
sit down on a sunny day
and have extraterrestrials
around us
tell us about the universe?
I would love it.
But everybody in
the military says
that that is a complete
and total fantasy.
That we are dealing with
minds, and beings, and entities
that are so foreign, alien,
different than Homo sapiens.
That their telepathic
mental powers
are overwhelming to our minds.
It doesn't matter whether
they're military intel
and prepared for an interaction.
I've talked with two men who
said they were completely,
physically disabled
after simply trying
to take a telepathic
inload, while the being was
taking a telepathic upload.
They physically collapsed.
And that may be why the
abductees in all these years
have been sort of protected.
Paralysis might be protection.
The complete amnesia and missing
time is a kind of protection.
It may be that the aliens' acts
of compassion are the human
traumas if it's--
>> Yes, I've
wondered about that.
>> --total misunderstanding.
>> Yes, I've wondered
if that's possible,
because I've heard and read
through the years that it can
be with animal mutilations.
For example, in
Dolores Cannon's work,
that oftentimes they're
looking to analyze
the contents of the
organs of the body
to see what's happening in
our ecosystems and so forth.
And that, actually, may be
even preparing some other place
with DNA seed and
on, and on, and on.
>> But you were asking, though.
It's an important question.
What about the Billy
Meiers and those
that fall more into a
category of contact?
Well, here's the problem.
Every single one,
as far as I know,
of the people who have been
sort of public, out front with--
I have communicated
with non-human beings--
and in Billy Meier and Adamski's
case, they were the Blondes.
Other people have had
their own descriptions,
but what happened?
Every single one of them
was attacked, so thoroughly
shredded as being--
>> That's correct.
>> --non-credible.
That if you bring up the
contactees individually or as
a group, they're the ones that
receive the most derision.
Is that because they scared
our government the most?
Humans that were willing
to stand up and say
that these Blonde non-humans
came and telepathed to me,
or took me onto a craft,
and took me out, and here
are the photographs.
That would have been so
threatening to the policy
of denial in the interests
of national security, which
is, I understand, goes all
the way back to Franklin
Delano Roosevelt. 1941 was
the first crash retrieval
that I know about
in Missouri, and we
got technology that
was applied to what
became the Manhattan Project
and the development of the bomb.
And you juxtapose that.
You juxtapose the biggest,
darkest, deepest secrets
of what was considered to be the
dominant nation of the planet,
then the United States, against
roly-poly citizens who can just
go out into their backyard,
and extraterrestrials
will come, and talk to them,
and take them on craft.
Well, that must have
made a lot of the--
we'll call them authoritarians
in the government-- just cringe
and run for the exits.
They would not want that
to-- what would be--
the design would be anybody
who comes forward and says
that they have had a Blonde
or something come up to them--
they're going to get
the full press duration.
>> You'll be
discredited immediately.
>> Completely.
So that leaves, then, the
human abduction syndrome,
which shifts CD
track a little bit
from the out front, sitting
in some kind of communication,
and it's more frightening.
Something appears in your
bedroom in the night,
and then you're paralyzed.
Oh, my God.
OK, now, the government
is more in control.
It means now the human
abduction syndrome is not
quite so threatening to
the government's policy,
because people are afraid.
And because people
are afraid, they
don't want to talk about it.
And if something
happens, they're
not going to talk about it.
And suddenly, whether
they did it by design,
or it happened out of
a fluke, the government
is now back in control by fear.
And that is the way
they have been operating
to keep all of this
from the public
and the media for
at least 60 years.
>> And I mean,
even Steven Greer--
we've had two Disclosures now.
We had one in 2001, and then
we had with Steven Greer
at the National Press Club.
Then we had one very recently at
the National Press Club again,
some of the same players, even.
Still it's not getting out there
to the public as it should.
Steven Greer himself also
talks about the Blondes
that he's been
communicating with.
They gave him a lot
of that information,
so he'd know where to even
begin on a lot of the research.
What's it going to-- what's
it actually going to take?
I was at Disclosure.
When you see old men
with their medals on,
standing up there,
shaking, and even in tears,
because of breaking
their national security
oath to risk this, and
we still don't listen.
It's not even put out there.
Well, we know the
media is controlled,
so what is it going to take?
>> What is it going to take to
break up in this vast, vast,
cemented secret about non-humans
interacting with our planet
for millennia?
That is a question that I have
on my own mind all the time
and wonder if I will
ever know in my lifetime.
Or will the next generation
know in their lifetime,
that this perpetuation of this
kind of lie and suppression,
could be on the--
we'll call them
the masterminds of Majestic 12.
Their entire goal could be to
get through this generation
and yet, another generation
before any truth comes out.
But what will it take?
I think that, ultimately,
for any successful shift
in a paradigm as
huge as this one is,
because governments have
worked over time for decades
to keep this as--
there is nothing else
in the universe but us.
Remember that.
The governments have
been the manipulators
to keep the public and
the media from the truths
that they have been
trying to bury.
So in order to have a
successful paradigm shift,
it has to be
politically acceptable.
And the way this planet works--
I don't know exactly why, but
humans seem to move in packs.
You have to have somebody who
stands up with credibility
and says, we're now going
to give you another truth.
We have kept this from you
all these years, because we
were trying to protect you.
We wanted to get to
a point where we were
in control of the situation.
We can stand in front of
you today and say we are.
There is no threat.
And now, we're going
to tell you what
we have been learning
for the last 60 years
about our planet for
the last billion years.
If it comes as a shock to
some of you, we apologize.
But governments stand
to protect the majority,
and that is what we have done.
I would expect that
if they did that,
and they brought a non-human
Blonde, Grey, whatever, or two,
or three of them into
a press conference,
and the press would
obviously have to know,
and there would be
millions of reporters,
that is the kind of
event globally broadcast.
The humans are
standing right there
with what looks like a standing
up alligator, and a Blonde,
and a Grey, and
everything is fine.
Nobody's hurting.
In a funny way, by now, that's
about all it would take.
And the fact that the
governments don't do it--
what's the question in my mind?
Is it because the Blondes,
the reptiles, the Greys,
whatever the menagerie
is, that they don't want
this to happen yet themselves?
And if not, what
is their agenda?
It may not be up
to humans at all,
but our governments have
certainly maintained the lie.
They are the ones
who have maintained
the lie, regardless of
whether the non-humans have
their own timeline agenda.
And I think as a human
being on this planet,
if I were talking to the whole
human family, I would say,
fundamentally, I
think that is wrong.
I think that every
human deserves
to know what the
power/greed structure knows.
And to have a perpetuation
of an elite ability
to make money off of
extraterrestrial technology,
to keep secrets in which other
people are hurt and imprisoned,
because of extraterrestrial
knowledge is a crime--
a fundamental crime.
And one man who talked
to me in the '80s--
he had worked in the
Central Intelligence Agency.
He's no longer alive.
He said, Linda, I can
tell you this as a fact.
There's not a person
who's been involved
in the ongoing study of
the extraterrestrials
on this planet and
has been involved
in policy-making who
wants to be alive
when this story comes out.
>> That not a one of
them want to be alive?
>> They do not want to be alive
when this story comes out,
because they have committed
so many fundamental crimes.
>> Oh, I see what you're saying.
Yes, absolutely.
That's why.
>> They know they have
committed crimes--
crimes against all of
humanity for heaven's sake.
>> That's a very
interesting statement.
>> That's where we stand.
>> So those of us who are
the lonely mavericks--
there is a certain
gentle satisfaction
that in 2007, we're
even beginning
to have dialogues and hear
about this on "Larry King."
The press conference
with the pilots--
it's very important that
the pilots be the one,
I think, on "Larry King."
I hope they have more.
The airline and military world--
they know in spades.
And they've all been
threatened, and intimidated,
and they couldn't talk.
And in fact, there
is a quiet movement
started by Jim Sparks,
a human abduction
guy, who had a lot
of interactions,
actually, with people in
the government on a QT.
And he thinks that there
should be a congressional act
to give immunity to all
those, who have signed
these non-disclosure agreements
about the extraterrestrials,
that would put them in prison,
$50,000 fines, families
would lose pensions, all of it.
That it should just
be neutralized.
Let the chips fall where
they may and, wham!
Have everybody start
telling the truth.
>> I would agree.
>> Yeah.
And in an ideal world,
that would be great.
But I don't think-- because
this is not an ideal world
and politics,
unfortunately, dominates,
I don't know that
that's going to happen.
But the press conference
in which government says,
we've been doing all
of this to protect you.
And now, we're going
to introduce those
that we understand, and
can communicate with,
and you have nothing to fear.
That is the press
conference that I personally
think would sweep away
centuries and bring this
all back into focus.
And it's going to
upset some folks,
but sometimes just to get
truth back in balance,
some people have to get upset.
And I would not,
myself, personally, not
have any concerns now.
Because if you judge
from the teenagers--
I have had teenagers rush
up to me at conferences,
grab ahold of me, and
say, please, tell us
which ones are-- and they've
already figured it out.
We know that the
discs are one type,
and we know the cylinders.
And like the teenagers--
it isn't if and are we
in a universe hidden?
No.
They've already grasped
there's different types,
and there's different crafts,
and they talk about it.
And they just want somebody
to fill in the details.
And I think, wow, this
has happened on its own
in another generation.
>> Yes.
So we can only hope that
that press conference
does take place one day.
I think you're--
>> In our--
>> --absolutely right--
>> --lifetime.
>> --in our lifetime.
And at times, it
seems it's so close.
And in fact, the opportunity
was there a few years ago.
It was there the other day.
It's there all the time having
the-- even CNN covered this.
Maybe--
>> And they did not
do it with sarcasm.
>> --no, they didn't do
it with sarcasm this time.
So maybe we're
approaching that time.
And then all the
work you've done--
you must have been subjected
to a large amount of ridicule
through the years.
>> Well--
>> I know you're credible
in your research,
but just from people who
just cannot deal with it.
>> --I don't know that
I've been ridiculed.
Because the funny
thing about all this
was by the time I started
on a "Strange Harvest,"
I'd already had a
national Emmy nomination,
had won several Emmys,
and all of these.
I was in that category of highly
credible documentary filmmaker
and TV producer, which
maybe this is the universe's
way of playing this out.
So when I did a
"Strange Harvest,"
I'm the same reporter.
I'm the same producer who
did all of this other work.
I was not really attacked.
It was the opposite.
It was like an explosion
of the world coming at me
with all of their reports.
So then that was like another
wave that carries forward.
But what I began to
realize, as strong
as the physical body of evidence
was in my own work and others
that I would need,
if the world is not
ready to go to that
paradigm shift,
if you go to the
top of buildings,
and the top of mountains, and
you say, here's the truth,
you will be stoned.
And so I took the
philosophical position, OK?
I am like a dripping
water in a cave.
I look at my work
over these years
of making stalactites
and stalagmites,
and I've now made many of them.
And the cave is now
beginning to glitter.
There is light in there.
If you take Earthfiles, there
are now almost 2,000 reports
with about 15,000 images--
>> That's amazing.
>> --and documents.
And it's becoming
an encyclopedia.
And I have people
telling me now,
I use your website constantly.
It doesn't matter-- science,
environment, or real X files
as an encyclopedia.
And then there are the
books, and the videos,
and television, and
the constant radio.
Everyone is my little dripping
piece of fact, building
these stalactites, stalagmites.
And to see that it's
beginning to come into focus
in many people's minds--
this is solid work, meaning
there is documentation.
There is physical evidence.
There are--
>> And you have an incredible--
>> --real live witnesses.
>> --reputation.
Among anybody that knows
anything about this work,
you have an
incredible reputation.
>> And that is wonderful.
Because now, I'm
beginning to realize
that whatever does
happen, that people
are going to go to Earthfiles.
They're going to
go to those books,
and they're going to say,
my God, all of this--
it's true.
>> It's true.
And thanks to yourself
and people like you,
I think we're moving
closer to that day
than were you not on the planet.
>> I hope so.
>> Thank you so much
for your time, Linda.
>> Thank you.
>> For more of Linda's
information on the environment,
alien technology, and more, just
click on the link below to go
to her site, and check into
her library of information.
Until next time, thanks
for watching "CMN."
[MUSIC PLAYING]